docs: add app links to android doc (#1059)
FormidableLabs/react-native-app-auth: docs/docs/introduction.md

is `com.myapp://oauth`, then the url scheme will is `com.myapp`. The scheme must be in lowercase.

NOTE: When integrating with [React Navigation deep linking](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/deep-linking/#set-up-with-bare-react-native-projects), be sure to make this scheme (and the scheme in the config's redirectUrl) unique from the scheme defined in the deep linking intent-filter. E.g. if the scheme in your intent-filter is set to `com.myapp`, then update the above scheme/redirectUrl to be `com.myapp.auth` [as seen here](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-native-app-auth/issues/494#issuecomment-797394994).

#### App Links

> If your your OAuth Redirect URL is an [App Links](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links), you need to the following code to your `AndroidManifest.xml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your your OAuth Redirect URL is an [App Links](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links), you need to add the following code to your `AndroidManifest.xml`:
```

Author: changed

> If your your OAuth Redirect URL is an [App Links](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links), you need to add the following code to your `AndroidManifest.xml`:
> ```xml
> 
> <activity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your your OAuth Redirect URL is an [App Links](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links), you need to add the following code to your `AndroidManifest.xml`:

```xml
<activity
```

Author: thanks for the suggestion, updated

  android:name="net.openid.appauth.RedirectUriReceiverActivity"
  android:exported="true">
  <intent-filter android:autoVerify="true">
    <action android:name="android.intent.action.VIEW"/>
    <category android:name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT"/>
    <category android:name="android.intent.category.BROWSABLE"/>

>     <data android:scheme="https"
>       android:host=example.domain />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <data android:scheme="https" android:host=example.domain />
```

Author: thanks for the suggestion, updated

            </intent-filter>

>         </activity>

Reviewer: can you please format this correctly? all lines below the first one are too indented. also, you can specify the language after the first 3 backticks, like so, for proper syntax highlighting

```
 ```xml
```

Author: changed

```

> where the `host` is the domain of your redirect uri.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `android:host` with the domain of your redirect uri.
```

Author: changed
